Mocking_callbacks_and_components: Rewrite a paragraph to be clearer (#26070)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/react_testing/mocking_callbacks_and_components.md

});
~~~

Three tests and we are done with this component. You should be already familiar with how the first test works. Take some time to figure out what functions come from which package.

For the second and third tests, we mock the `onClick` handler using one of Vitest's functions, `vi.fn()`. Then we assert that it is called/not called when the button is clicked or not. 

> You could also set up your mocks in a `beforeEach` block instead of in every test block. This may be suitable for some situations. However, for better readability, it is recommended that all setups be done in the same test block.  Doing so eliminates the need to search through the entire file for context, making it easier to review future changes. This also decreases the chance of having leakage create problems throughout the test suite. Unless your test file is particularly long and the test preparation takes up dozens of lines, it is recommended to set up your mocks in each test block. In the case of lengthier test files, you may use `beforeEach`.

Author: ```suggestion
You could also set up your mocks in a `beforeEach` block instead of in every test block. This may be suitable for some situations. However, for better readability, it is recommended that all setups be done in the same test block.  Doing so eliminates the need to search through the entire file for context, making it easier to review future changes. This also decreases the chance of having leakage create problems throughout the test suite. Unless your test file is particularly long and the test preparation takes up dozens of lines, it is recommended to set up your mocks in each test block; otherwise, you may use `beforeEach`.
```
